Deployment edits (#1298)
nasa/cumulus: docs/development/quality-and-coverage.md

To check the configured linting, run `npm run lint`.

## Documentation quality checking

This project uses [markdownlint-cli](https://www.npmjs.com/package/markdownlint-cli)
as a frontend to [markdownlint](https://www.npmjs.com/package/markdownlint) to check
all of our markdown for style and formatting.   The configured rules can be found
[here](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/blob/master/.markdownlint.json).

> To run linting on the markdown files  run `npm run lint-md`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run linting on the markdown files, run `npm run lint-md`.
```

Reviewer: Sorry, nit

> To check the configured markdown linting run `npm run lint-md`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the linting of markdown files, run `npm run lint-md`.
```

Author: @markdboyd  how about 

```suggestion
To run linting on the markdown files  run `npm run lint-md`.
```
